Update network analyzer docs (#1180)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/debug/network-analyzer.md

### Metrics

| Metric     | Description                                                                                            |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Op/s in`  | This metric describes the number of update/command ops that this worker is receiving per second.       |
| `KB/s in`  | This metric describes the bandwidth used by updates/commands that this worker is receiving per second. |
| `Op/s out` | This metric describes the number of update/command ops that this worker is sending per second.         |
| `KB/s out` | This metric describes the bandwidth used by updates/commands that this worker is sending per second.   |

> **Note:** Component updates are used for both component field changes as well as component events.

### Data Tabs

> The Network Analzer as multiple tabs for displaying networking metrics related to SpatialOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Analyzer has multiple tabs for displaying networking metrics related to SpatialOS.
```

| Tab            | Metrics                                                                                      |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Updates        | Displays SpatialOS component metrics.                                                        |

Reviewer: maybe `component update and event metrics`?
